Reduce doc bloat in procedure for creating a user (#2865)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_creating-a-user.adoc

Use this procedure to create a user.
To use the CLI instead of the {ProjectWebUI}, see the xref:cli-creating-a-user_{context}[].

.Procedure
. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Administer* > *Users*.
. Click *Create User*.
. Enter the account details for the new user.
. Click *Submit* to create the user.

> For example, you can specify the following user account details:

Reviewer: "can" and line 15 "must" sounds weird to me.

I'm also unsure about starting this sentence with "For example,". Maybe like this instead?

```suggestion
.User account details
```

Reviewer 2: I don't really require additional heading, but I would like to somehow remove the for example part if possible. Just to emphasize that there are no example values but instead description of a few fields.

> * On the *User* tab, you must set a password for the user.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* On the *User* tab, set a password for the user.
```

> * On the *User* tab, set a password for the user.
> Select an authentication source from the *Authorized by* list:

Reviewer 2: Since we're removing bloat I'd say that explicitly mentioning password is not necessary.
```suggestion
* Select an authentication source from the *Authorized by* list:
```

Author: Good point, but I'd like to keep the guidance for which tab to use. So I'll meet you halfway and only remove the part about the password.

Reviewer 2: That is the only thing I wanted to remove, but I forgot to add "On the user tab" to the next sentence. So your edit actually works perfectly :+1:

> Select the source that the user is authenticated by from the *Authorized by* list:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Select an authentication source:
```

> ** Select *INTERNAL* to manage the user inside {ProjectServer}.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
** *INTERNAL*: to manage the user inside {ProjectServer}.
```

> ** Select *EXTERNAL* to manage the user with external authentication as described in {InstallingServerDocURL}Configuring_External_Authentication_{project-context}[Configuring External Authentication] in _{InstallingServerDocTitle}_.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
** *EXTERNAL*: to manage the user with external authentication, See {InstallingServerDocURL}Configuring_External_Authentication_{project-context}[Configuring External Authentication] in _{InstallingServerDocTitle}_ for details.
```

Reviewer: If you add a second sentence, I'd stick with "For more information, see X in _Y_.

* On the *Organizations* tab, select an organization for the user.

> You can use the *Default on login* drop-down list to select which organization is selected for the user after they log in.

Reviewer 3: Our style guides say to use "list" instead of "drop-down list".

"to select which organization is selected for the user after they log in". That's a lot of words. Maybe this: 

`Optional: Select a default organization from the *Default on login* list.`

Author: Shortening it your way would alter the meaning in a way that I don't quite like. But I think I've found another way to reword this -- it's still kind of long, but there is not word repetition or passive voice.

About using `Optional:` here: Whether or not a web UI field is optional is indicated by `*`. I'd prefer not to duplicate that in the guide.

+

> [IMPORTANT]

Reviewer: just an idea: "CAUTION"? I have had my share to "looking for things" in Foreman Web UI before realizing that the entity is not assigned to a org context/a different org context.

====
If a user is not assigned to an organization, their access is limited.
====

[id="cli-creating-a-user_{context}"]
.CLI procedure

> * To create a user, enter the `hammer user create` command.
> For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Create a user:
```

I don't think it's necessary to include the "Hammer user create" part.

Use this procedure to create a user.
To use the CLI instead of the {ProjectWebUI}, see the xref:cli-creating-a-user_{context}[].

.Procedure
// This is the core procedure -- for users who have trouble finding the right button.
// But I'm keeping it super short so that following it doesn't become a nuisance due to describing steps that users can just see in the web UI.
. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Administer* > *Users*.
. Click *Create User*.
. Enter the account details for the new user.
. Click *Submit* to create the user.

// After the procedure, this is the place where users can find more details about the fields that are not that obvious from the web UI.
// Splitting this from the core procedure supports scannability -- because you can see where the clicking ends and where the explanation begins.
// Introducing this with "for example" supports maintainability -- because we don't commit ourselves to maintaining a complete list.

> For example, you can specify the following account details:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.Additional details
```
Maybe something like this?

Reviewer 4: "User account details"?

Author: Hmm, I don't like using another `.Heading` for this. I would very much prefer to keep all the web UI bits under a single `.Heading`, otherwise I'm afraid it would hurt scannability. (I can explain further if needed.)

I'll try Lena's suggestion for now and stick to the `For example...` wording.

* On the *User* tab, you must set a password for the user.

> Select the source by which the user is authenticated from the *Authorized by* list:

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
Select the source that the user is authenticated by from the *Authorized by* list:
```

** Select *INTERNAL* to manage the user inside {ProjectServer}.
** Select *EXTERNAL* to manage the user with external authentication as described in {InstallingServerDocURL}Configuring_External_Authentication_{project-context}[Configuring External Authentication] in _{InstallingServerDocTitle}_.

> * On the *Organizations* tab, ensure an organization is selected for the user.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* On the *Organizations* tab, select an organization for the user.
```

> You can also use the *Default on login* drop-down list to select which organization is selected for the user after they log in.

Author: FWIW, I'm not too happy with the overall wording in this part.

Author: ... but I guess it works well enough like this.

> You can also use the *Default on login* drop-down list to select which organization is selected for the user after they log in.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use the *Default on login* drop-down list to select which organization is selected for the user after they log in.
```

+
[IMPORTANT]
====

> Ensure every user is assigned to an organization.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
This would be repeating information.

+
The `--auth-source-id 1` setting means that the user is authenticated internally, you can specify an external authentication source as an alternative.
Add the `--admin` option to grant administrator privileges to the user.
Specifying organization IDs is not required.
+

> You can modify the user details later by using the `update` subcommand.

Reviewer: I am unsure about the wording. In here, I lean towards `hammer user update` because at first, it's unclear what "subcommand" means/refers to.

Reviewer 2: +1

Author: Applied.

.Additional resources

> * For more information about creating user accounts by using Hammer, enter `hammer user create --help`.

Author: I'm used to using Additional resources for man pages and --help commands from RHEL docs ([a random example](https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_enterprise_linux/8/html-single/security_hardening/index#switching-the-system-wide-crypto-policy-to-mode-compatible-with-previous-systems_using-the-system-wide-cryptographic-policies)). I find including it helpful because it gives an immediate hint on where to learn more about the command usage if a user struggles with it.

The original procedure included it within the step. I think moving it to Additional resources is an improvement. But if there is agreement that removing it altogether is the best course of action, I can do it.

> * For more information about creating user accounts by using Hammer, enter `hammer user create --help`.

Reviewer 2: It is true that we usually use Additional resources for doc links, but I don't think it's a rule. I like the idea of including other helpful resources like man pages or `--help` commands a lot.

Add the `--admin` option to grant administrator privileges to the user.
Specifying organization IDs is not required, you can modify the user details later using the `update` subcommand.

.Additional resources

> * For more information about subcommands related to user accounts, enter `hammer user --help`.

Reviewer 2: This section is on creating users so I think that being more specific here is fine.
```suggestion
* For more information about creating user account with `hammer`, enter `hammer user create --help`.
```

Reviewer 4: Just a bit different wording:
```suggestion
* For more information about creating user accounts by using Hammer, enter `hammer user create --help`.
```
